Shannon, are you trying to kill her? She can't run 20 miles.
Oh, please, she made the bet. She should honor it.
Unless you want to run in her place.
How about this?
You don't have to run the 20, and you both run 10.
Since you're so willing to help anyone in me.
Actually, I have asthma, so I can't.
Well, you don't see. That's right.
But it looks like Karen's unwilling.
Shannon, she's so late.
What are you doing?
Run!
Come on!
You're awake. Thank God.
You need to get over yourself.
You had a whole team of specialists check every nook,
brandy, and inch of your body, and they said they were fine.
Anything the doctor just said you need to work out a little more.
Looks like you can finish those 12 miles as soon as possible.
No, I can't.
I cannot keep running. If I keep running, I'm going to die.